## Project Briefing

##### Meeting Date: 18 / 2 - 2025



#### Last weeks goals

- Get some words down in the project report. <span style="color:orange;">&#x26A0; (Not at much as I would have liked. I still have some notes and bullet points I need to rewrite into coherent text.)</span>
- Decide what test data should be, and think about how I will actually test what I am doing. <span style="color:green;">&#x2714;</span> 
- Experiment with creating QR codes and explore uses / limits of QR codes. (just getting started playing around) <span style="color:green;">&#x2714;</span> 



#### What I have done since last meeting

I have started looking into how to create, encode, and decode QR codes using available Python libraries.
My idea was to start with the very basics of QR code generation and look at how I could use them with videos.

I have created a simple prototype in [this file](../Project/main.py) that does the following:
1. Create 240 random strings and base64-encodes them (the QR decoder returns a string).
2. Creates a sequence of QR code images (using the 'qrcodes' package).
3. Create a 10-second .mp4 video with 24 QR code frames per second (using the 'opencv-python' package). I have saved an example of this called _QR-code-sequence-demo.mp4_
4. Captures the video and decodes the QR code images frame by frame (using the 'opencv-python' package).
5. Measures the success rate of the decoding (after base64 decoding). <br/> *Note*: The function correctly decodes around 95 percent of the QR codes in the videos in my test. I am currently trying figure out which part of the decoding is being problematic.

I am attempting to set up a system where I can can take any data and convert it into QR codes: data → bytes → base64 → QR code image frame.



#### What I going to do before the next meeting
- Delve deeper into the theory of QR codes.
- Rewrite my remaining notes into coherent text for my report.
- Try to fix the decoding problems I am having when reading QR codes from a video.
- Look into how I can make encoding / decoding more efficient and accurate: 
    1. Experiment with QR code parameters; size, borders, error margins, etc.
    2. Multiple QR codes per frame. 
    3. Parallelization of processes; this is a large topic, so I will just take a first look into concurrency in Python and maybe setup some basic helper functions.   



#### Thoughts and / or questions on the process
- (T) I found it very intuitive to attempt to implement the whole encoding / decoding pipeline in my code. If I am not sure that the QR codes that I create for my video are actually working as intended, it becomes very hard to define progress. <br/> I need to think about this going forward, as the intial idea was to "just" look into the encoding part. I need to make sure that I don't overreach.
- (Q) Do you want less / more information in these briefings?
- (Q) Which parts makes the most sense for you to know about?
