## Project Briefing

##### Meeting Date: 25 / 2 - 2025

#### Last weeks goals

- Delve deeper into the theory of QR codes. <span style="color:green;">&#x2714; Yes. Ongoing.</span>
- Rewrite my remaining notes into coherent text for my report. <span style="color:orange;">&#x26A0; Getting there. Ongoing.</span>
- Try to fix the decoding problems I am having when reading QR codes from a video. <span style="color:green;">&#x2714;</span>
- Look into how I can make encoding / decoding more efficient and accurate: 
    1. Experiment with QR code parameters; size, borders, error margins, etc. <span style="color:green;">&#x2714; Yes, but with focus shifted to error margins and versions.</span>
    2. Multiple QR codes per frame. <span style="color:orange;">&#x26A0; On hold. I need to figure out how to determine when to split up data before I proceed with this.</span>
    3. Parallelization of processes; this is a large topic, so I will just take a first look into concurrency in Python and maybe setup some basic helper functions.  <span style="color:green;">&#x2714; </span> 



#### What I have done since last meeting
General

I have been considered the next steps for QR encoding videos. 
My idea is that the next step should be determining how to split up the data into chunks, when a single QR code is not enough for the data size.

From this I can then decide if I create more frames for the video first, or more codes per frame.
And from this I could start tinkering with these metrics and look at the performance / accuracy for each.

~~However, I had issues with the _qrcode_ package as its documentation is lacking information on the maximum data sizes per version, and does not seem to agree 1:1 with the Wikipedia QR code size information. This work will be ongoing, and I might have to either switch package or borrow lookup tables from the package.~~ 
Note: It works just fine. I was working with an incorrect error margin. Next step will be to create a lookup table to map version and error margin to maximum byte size. 

Codebase

I have spent a lot of time refactoring the codebase with a focus on modularity:
- Created an interface for pipeline steps that expects bytes for encoding and return bytes from decoding. 
- Extracted all video processing functions to a separate module.
- Added video configuration dataclass that is passed to the pipeline, adding customization for future metrics.
- Added performance module for later performance measurements. 
- Switched from _cv2_ to the _pyzbar_ library when decoding QR codes. It was much accurate out of the box and seems more customizable.

I have also briefly looked into S3, and how data is processed at Amazon. 



#### What I going to do before the next meeting
Ongoing from previous briefing

- Delve deeper into the theory of QR codes. 
- Rewrite my remaining notes into coherent text for my report.



New

- Create a system that chunks data when the total size exceeds the QR code limits. Try to find a solution using a lookup table inspired by _qrcode_.
- Add configuration option that, given chunked data, will either create more codes per frame or more individual codes.  
- Take a closer look at S3 and FTP. Maybe include information as section in report.
- Think less, write more. I.e., get words down in the report knowing that they are not perfect and might change later.


#### Questions
1. Should I provide a link to the GitHub project in the final report? I could make it public at the same time as turning in the report.
2. Are there any bachelor project report guidelines for KU? I have found a structure guidelines PDF from Aarhus University, but not KU. 