## Project Briefing

##### Meeting Date: 4 / 3 - 2025

#### Last weeks goals

- Delve deeper into the theory of QR codes. <span style="color:green;">&#x2714; </span>          
- Rewrite my remaining notes into coherent text for my report. <span style="color:orange;">&#x26A0; Still ongoing.</span>
- Create a system that chunks data when the total size exceeds the QR code limits. Try to find a solution using a lookup table inspired by _qrcode_. <span style="color:green;">&#x2714; </span> 
- Add configuration option that, given chunked data, will either create more codes per frame or more individual codes.  <span style="color:green;">&#x2714; </span> 
- Take a closer look at S3 and FTP. Maybe include information as section in report. <span style="color:orange;">&#x26A0; Still ongoing.</span>
- Think less, write more. I.e., get words down in the report knowing that they are not perfect and might change later. <span style="color:orange;">&#x26A0; Still ongoing.</span>





#### What I have done since last meeting
- Looked into the theory of QR codes in more detail. Considered what might be relevant to include in QR code section in report.
- Thinking about writing. Doh! I will deprioritize coding for the next week and focus on writing. 
- QR images can now created dynamically from bytes data. 
If the data size exceeds the limit of a single QR code (based on its error correction level), another image is generated, until all data has been encoded.
- From the video configuration class, I can now specify how many QR codes I want within a single image frame, and how many images frames I want per second. 
There are still quite a few kinks to sort out, and decisions to be made about how to determine the frame sizes. Especially if it is should be done dynamically.
- Using a package called _[rectpack](https://github.com/secnot/rectpack)_, I can find the optimal layout of a list of smaller images within a larger empty image. I have used this for determining image placements per frame. 
- Multiple QR codes can be decoded from a single frame, and the aggregate data returned.
- Fixed issue where the QR code module size was used instead of its pixel size. Woops! Issue became apparent when multiple QR codes were present in a frame.




#### What I going to do before the next meeting
Ongoing from previous briefing
- Think less, write more.
- Take a closer look at S3 and FTP. Maybe include information as section in report. 


New
- Write enough in the report that a first read-through is ready. This will be the main goal and focus for the next week.
- Find solutions to the problem of determining optimal frame size given multiple QR codes in a frame. 
An idea could be to include different modes in the configuration, instead of allowing each individual parameter to be set.
Some parameters already in place does not work well in conjunction. 

Thoughts for future tasks:
- Refactor unit tests and create more test cases, using different configurations. Consider refactoring functions if unit tests reveal unnecessary dependencies. 
- Consider how to prepare the data in such a way that it is S3 or FTP compliant.
